Hey, what's up?
How could this be?
How could Xue Yunjian obey him?
Does he really have to be this kid?
When you should pull the Xuanyun Sword
With his crooked ways
Let Xuanyun Sword be stained with helplessness
Rational
I can feel Xuanyuan Sword's aura is cloudy now
To get out of control
mistaken self
Boy, I advise you not to be impulsive now
Although Xuanyuan Sword is now desperately against you
But the King of Northern Jin and the Qin army
It's not something you can afford to provoke
Yes
Xue Qingbao, I hope you can surrender and be free
The gods of Shimizu don't move
Qing Jun and the King of the North will not let you go
Inspire Liu Impulse
Young Swallow is a god of war
Today is the canonized minister of Beijing Tianwang
No blood Xiaoguangchen
Tian Yiyi, only your strength can stand it
For the sake of off-road
I'll let you go for five miles
Hope you take care of yourself
Qin Feng, since we have no choice but to win
That I am more than the emperor